README.md, before:

Chi
===
_Cybernetic Health Interface_

Using technology to improve nurse/patient contact time by 10%.

##Get Started

To develop for this project, you will need a number of tools.
* npm
* node
* grunt
* sass
* bower

Once they are installed:

Run `npm install` to install developer dependencies.  
Run `bower install` to install client side libraries.  
Run `grunt` to 
* Watch and compile JS + Sass
* Serve files on [localhost:4041](localhost:4041)

##Mobile App
You can get a copy of the rolling build from phonegap by scanning this QR.
![](https://chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=116x116&cht=qr&chl=http://build.phonegap.com/apps/994817/install/?qr_key=1sHyLADykBtB2xTrWJML&chld=L|1&choe=UTF-8)

Hydration is enabled, so you should only have to download it once, then it will 
update whenever a new build is released.

Testers
=======

Report bugs, required features and additions at the [Github Issues Page](https://github.com/AstralDynamics/chi/issues).
You can create a GitHub account for free, then ask Liam, Dan or Noah to add you to the organization.

__Important__: For every issue you file, make sure you attach the correct milestone and always use a `tester` label, alongside a bug or feature label, so that we can easily filter out testing outcomes.

Project
=======

Commit message:

Added support for phonegap builds with grunt

README.md, after:

Chi
===
_Cybernetic Health Interface_

Using technology to improve nurse/patient contact time by 10%.

Developers
==========

To develop for this project, you will need a number of tools.
* npm
* node
* grunt
* sass
* bower

Once they are installed:

Run `npm install` to install developer dependencies.  
Run `bower install` to install client side libraries.  

## Web Version

Run `grunt` to
* Watch and compile JS + Sass
* Serve files on [localhost:4041](localhost:4041)

Grunt will automatically build the web version.

##Mobile App
To build an APK with Phonegap, run `grunt phonegap`. This will compress and upload the app to phonegap's build
servers. To get a copy of the APK, read the testing section below.

Testers
=======

You can get a copy of the rolling build from phonegap by scanning this QR.
![](https://chart.googleapis.com/chart?chs=116x116&cht=qr&chl=http://build.phonegap.com/apps/994817/install/?qr_key=1sHyLADykBtB2xTrWJML&chld=L|1&choe=UTF-8)

Hydration is enabled, so you should only have to download it once, then it will 
update whenever a new build is released.

Report bugs, required features and additions at the [Github Issues Page](https://github.com/AstralDynamics/chi/issues).
You can create a GitHub account for free, then ask Liam, Dan or Noah to add you to the organization.

__Important__: For every issue you file, make sure you attach the correct milestone and always use a `tester` label, alongside a bug or feature label, so that we can easily filter out testing outcomes.

Project
=======
